Document the --broker-namespace flag (#652)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/operations/deployment/_index.en.md

joined (see following step).
{{% /notice %}}

You can customize the Broker namespace using the `--broker-namespace` flag, allowing you to use
a namespace of your choice on the Broker for synchronising resources between clusters.

```bash
subctl deploy-broker --broker-namespace <CUSTOM-NAMESPACE> ...
```

> The `deploy-broker` flags are described in [subctl deploy-broker flags](subctl/#deploy-broker-flags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference the [`subctl deploy-broker` flag docs](subctl/#deploy-broker-flags) for additional details.
```
